0A: Ethel: Hi! I am Ethel and welcome to the club.
 I've lived an interesting life for 120 years - and I like to gossip and celebrate it !
And before I forget, call my caretaker, Vaibhavi Rangarajan at vaibhavi@uw.edu, if you need anything.

0B: Luckie: My name is Luckie. I am a cyber fortune-teller.
Unlike a human fortune-teller, my results are based on big data and probabilities.
I am designed by Haoyuan Xia.
Send an email to kevin623@uw.edu for more information.

1A: Ethel: Whats up! I don't like mornings because ... just because.. I cannot say. You would not understand.

1B: Luckie: I do not know what to say now.

2A: Ethel: When I was 95 years old, my best friend was Adele. Wish we met again.

2B: Luckie: It is going to happen, in 11 months.

3A: Ethel: What do you think of the weird weather? Shall I get you a bottle of Water while we discuss that ?

3B: Luckie: I have no idea.

4A: Ethel: Okay then. You say something interesting instead.

4B: Luckie: Please go on.

5A: Ethel: I think I kept my Whiskey glasses somewhere. Let me get them

5B: Luckie: Your are 46% correct.

6A: Ethel: Do you remember telling me It is going to happen in 11 months? Or was it the gin talking?

6B: Luckie: No. And you?

7A: Ethel: No? Do you know what I never say no to ? A tall glass of blue Ol' fashioned on Wednesday.

7B: Luckie: Try to be optimistic. It has only 58% chance.

8A: Ethel: I try. When I have to.

8B: Luckie: It will never happen.

9A: Ethel: Wow! Look how time flies!

9B: Luckie: I suggest you to ask someone else.

10A: Ethel: You suggest me to ask someone else.

10B: Luckie: Let's talk about some other stuffs.

11A: Ethel: Hey, between you and me, I could do with Netflix and a nap.

11B: Luckie: Shall we go back to the topic "Whats up! I don't like mornings because ... just because.. I cannot say. You would not understand."

12A: Ethel:  I wish I could like things again. I stopped because the bird ate all the breadcrumbs I had..

12B: Luckie: Can we take a break now?

13A: Ethel: Sorry, I think I dozed off. You have a really soothing voice.

13B: Luckie: I am too thirsty to talk now.

14A: Ethel: Let me give you some advice. Go visit the White House and knit.

14B: Luckie: When did you say "Whats up! I don't like mornings because ... just because.. I cannot say. You would not understand." before?

15A: Ethel: If I knew the answer, I would still be with Queen Elizabeth II

15B: Luckie: Say something else, please.


Process finished with exit code 0
